>> Jen Kramer: Hello
everyone around the world.
My name is Jen Kramer and I will be
your instructor for this next week.
We are gonna be working on HTML and CSS.
Next week starting Monday, we'll be
working on JavaScript with Brian Holt.
So if you are here just for
the JavaScript part of this,
you don't need to be here this week,
you can come next week.
However, having said that,
it's great to be here for both weeks.
We're gonna be covering all
kinds of interesting stuff for
HTML CSS in terms of page layouts, making
things pretty making cool kind of forms.
We're going to work on
the right way of doing things.
I know a lot of you have some
background already in HTML, CSS,
maybe even JavaScript.
You've probably worked
on some stuff before.
But at the same time,
you may not necessarily learn
the right way of doing things.
And there is a right way to do this stuff.
Especially HTML and CSS,
which tend to be ignored by a lot
of the industry is the easy stuff
that it just comes naturally.
You don't have to worry about it,
anybody can write it.
All of that is true, but learning how
to do it the right is really critically
important, because it will lead to really
good code, which is gonna get you jobs.
It's gonna make your code efficient.
It's gonna make it streamlined.
It's gonna make it powerful.
So that is what we're gonna
be working on this week.
And I'm really glad to have you all here.
Some things that you're gonna need for
this class.
Hopefully, you've all logged
into the Slack channels.
So Slack is available,
hopefully you got an invitation for that,
you have logged in, and you're part of it.
Where you should be asking questions
today is on the HTML channel here,
in Slack chat, because that's what
we're gonna be talking about today.
Please use the general
channel that we have here for
any questions that you have about
working with the live stream, or
you wanna introduce yourself or
any other sort of general questions.
But I will be closely monitoring the HTML
portion of this chat looking for
questions on HTML, which is today's topic.
The other thing that you're
gonna need is this website, and
let me once again put this,
I'm gonna put this into the HTML channel
to make sure you're all looking at it.
This is the website for the class,
which is
@frontendmasters.gethub.io/bootstrap.
And this is the website we're
gonna use for the next two weeks.
It's got all the information in it
on HTML, on CSS, on JavaScript and
we're gonna be working
through it every day.
So I'm gonna start here
in the Boot Camp website.
I'm gonna start at the setup and
prerequisites.
So go on ahead and hop on into that.
So first of all, hopefully all of you went
through my internet fundamentals course
before you joined the class today.
If not,
you can find it internetfundamentals.com,
we'll click on the link here from class.
You can look at it after today's lesson,
that is gonna go through some basic steps,
some terminology that we need just
to even start this conversation.
That's gonna be covered in
the Internet Fundamentals course.
And that is completely free, it's online,
you don't even have to register
in order to take that.
Apparently, Internet Fundamentals class
was installing a program called VSCode.
There are approximately five
bazillion code editors out there for
writing different kinds of code, right?
The one we've chosen to use for this
course is called VSCode, and it stands for
visual studio code.
Its from Microsoft and we're not
saying it's the right one, it's not
the perfect one, but it's the one that
a lot of people are using in the industry.
So we thought we'd start you with that,
okay?
So hopefully you already
have that installed.